JContainers64-NG
================

This documents contains small summaries of planned changes.

1) Port to CMake (done)

Each part of the project will be moved to CMake. This wil remove the
existing complex dependencies handling. All dependencies are on github
making handling of new dependent packages much easier.

2) Github Actions (done

The build for releases will always be done on github. The goal is to
allow developers to work on the project without actually needing
Visual Studio or even a compiler installed on the local machine and
to provide a way to have consistant build independent of local installation.

3) Switch to CommonLibSSE-NG (done)

Main goal of the project is to get rid of multiple separate builds for
different Skyrim platforms. The CommonLibSSE-NG removes many headaches
of the large Skyrim Release Platforms (Steam, GOG, VR). New platforms as
well as different release are handled in this project as well.

4) Issue tracking (set up)

Issue tracking is done for issues only concerning the port. The team may
provide preliminary support for stability issues only that are both based
on issues in the original JContainers64 code as well as the port.

5) Support  (set up)

Support is limited to stability issues and the integration of JContainers64
with CMake and github actions. Other problems and general JContainers64
support will be provided on a dedicated page on Nexusmods.

6) Port to CommonLibSSE-NG by alandtse (in progres)

A side goal is to check and hopefully perform a port to the latest
supported CommonLibSSE-NG after CharmedBaryon abandoned the older 2022
version that was the best entry point for JContainers-NG. Looking forward
after the project switched license to GPLv3.0 only code itself is the
final border. An issue was created for this.

7) Support of Skyim 1.7.104

This depends on 6) since changes in AdressLibrary and the fact that
Skyrim SE now uses a new format v5 (coming back from other games like
Fallout 4). A patch for the CharmedBaryon CommonLibSSE-NG was developed
as inbetween way to let JContainers run there.

8) API Extension

There are two new JContainers projects that are both closed source
and state to have added new API. Support for this API can be added
when detailed information about this API is available. Since the
main JContainers project preferred to make an incompatible API
break, the actual behavior will need to be adapted to provide
backward compatibility with existing mods.

9) Make old CommonLib to support 1.7.99 (dropped)

Format support needs to be analyzed and added to Relocation.h.
The most time consuming part is actually finding out the real
address offsets that have changed in 1.7.99. Address Library
has offsets already, but we need probably the original offsets
as well or another way to find out their meaning. I also saw
that there are some address offsets used. These small offsets
need to be separated from the official ones. They need to be
documented. And praying that there is somewhere an official
documentation about them (probably on project wiki). It sounds
like more work than porting getting alandtse variant to work.
